
# How to configure AWS CLI Profile

# Table of Contents
1. [Requirements](README.md)
2. [Create IAM Access Key and Secret Key pair](#create-iam-access-key-and-secret-key-pair)
3. [How to Create AWS CLI Profile](#how-to-create-aws-cli-profile)
4. [Use Profile in Modules](#use-profile-in-modules)

[aws-iam]:https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/
[aws-cli]:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-methods
[aws-provider]:https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs


# Create IAM Access Key and Secret Key pair
AWS Access Key and Secret Key pairs can be used instead of IAM roles for setting up STORES.
This can be accomplished by accessing the "Identity and Access Management (IAM)" page withing the AWS console. There are 2 methods to creating a new Access Key/Secret Key pair.

1. When new adding a new user.
2. Manually creating a new Access Key/Secret Key for an existing user.

## To create an IAM user (console)
1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the IAM console at [https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/][aws-iam]
2. In the navigation pane, choose *Users* and then choose *Add users.*
4. Type the user name for the new user. This is the sign-in name for AWS.
5. Select the type of access this set of users will have. You can select programmatic access, access to the AWS Management Console, or both.

* Select *Programmatic access* if the users require access to the API, AWS CLI, or Tools for Windows PowerShell. This creates an access key for each new user. You can view or download the access keys when you get to the Final page.

* Select* AWS Management Console* access if the users require access to the AWS Management Console. This creates a password for each new user.

* For *Console password*, choose one of the following:

    * Autogenerated password. Each user gets a randomly generated password that meets the account password policy. You can view or download the passwords when you get to the Final page.
    * Custom password. Each user is assigned the password that you type in the box.
5. Choose *Next: Permissions.*
6. On the *Set permissions* page, specify how you want to assign permissions to this set of new users. Choose one of the following three options:
* *Add user to group.* Choose this option if you want to assign the users to one or more groups that already have permissions policies. IAM displays a list of the groups in your account, along with their attached policies. You can select one or more existing groups, or choose Create group to create a new group. For more information, see Changing permissions for an IAM user.
* Policy Permissons required
```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "iam:GetPolicyVersion",
                "iam:DeleteAccessKey",
                "iam:CreateRole",
                "s3:CreateBucket",
                "iam:AttachRolePolicy",
                "s3:GetBucketObjectLockConfiguration",
                "iam:DetachRolePolicy",
                "iam:ListAttachedRolePolicies",
                "s3:PutBucketAcl",
                "iam:ListRolePolicies",
                "iam:DetachUserPolicy",
                "iam:GetRole",
                "iam:GetPolicy",
                "s3:GetBucketWebsite",
                "iam:UpdateUser",
                "iam:AttachUserPolicy",
                "iam:DeleteRole",
                "iam:UpdateAccessKey",
                "iam:TagPolicy",
                "s3:GetReplicationConfiguration",
                "iam:ListGroupsForUser",
                "s3:GetLifecycleConfiguration",
                "s3:GetBucketTagging",
                "iam:UntagRole",
                "iam:TagRole",
                "s3:GetBucketLogging",
                "iam:DeletePolicy",
                "s3:ListBucket",
                "s3:GetAccelerateConfiguration",
                "iam:CreateUser",
                "s3:GetBucketPolicy",
                "iam:CreateAccessKey",
                "iam:ListInstanceProfilesForRole",
                "s3:GetEncryptionConfiguration",
                "s3:PutBucketTagging",
                "s3:GetBucketRequestPayment",
                "iam:ListAttachedUserPolicies",
                "s3:GetBucketOwnershipControls",
                "s3:DeleteBucket",
                "s3:PutObjectAcl",
                "iam:ListAccessKeys",
                "s3:GetBucketPublicAccessBlock",
                "s3:PutBucketPublicAccessBlock",
                "s3:PutBucketOwnershipControls",
                "iam:DeleteUser",
                "s3:GetBucketVersioning",
                "s3:GetBucketAcl",
                "iam:TagUser",
                "iam:CreatePolicy",
                "iam:UntagUser",
                "iam:ListPolicyVersions",
                "s3:ListAllMyBuckets",
                "s3:GetBucketCORS",
                "iam:UntagPolicy",
                "iam:UpdateRole",
                "iam:GetUser"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
```
7. Choose *Next: Tags.*
8. Choose *Next: Review* to see all of the choices you made up to this point. When you are ready to proceed, choose *Create user.*
9. To view the users' access keys (access key IDs and secret access keys), choose *Show* next to each password and access key that you want to see. To save the access keys, choose *Download* .csv and then save the file to a safe location.

### NOTE: Only the user's access key ID is visible. The secret access key can only be retrieved when the key is created.


## To create, modify, or delete your own IAM user access keys (console)
1. Use your AWS account ID or account alias, your IAM user name, and your password to sign in to the IAM console.
2. In the navigation bar on the upper right, choose your user name and then choose My Security Credentials.
3. Expand the Access keys (access key ID and secret access key) section.
4. Do any of the following:
* To create an access key, choose Create New Access Key. If this feature is disabled, then you must delete one of the existing keys before you can create a new one. A warning explains that you have only this one opportunity to view or download the secret access key. To copy the key to paste it somewhere else for safekeeping, choose Show Access Key. To save the access key ID and secret access key to a .csv file to a secure location on your computer, choose Download Key File.
* To disable an active access key, choose Make Inactive.
* To reenable an inactive access key, choose Make Active.
* To delete your access key, choose Delete. AWS recommends that before you do this, you first deactivate the key and test that it’s no longer in use. When you use the AWS Management Console, you must deactivate your key before deleting it.
### Note: Only the user's access key ID is visible. The secret access key can only be retrieved when the key is created.


## To create, modify, or delete another IAM user's access keys (console)
1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the IAM console at [https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/][aws-iam].
2. In the navigation pane, choose Users.
3. Choose the name of the user whose access keys you want to manage, and then choose the Security credentials tab.
4.  In the Access keys section, do any of the following:
* To create an access key, choose Create access key. Then choose Download .csv file to save the access key ID and secret access key to a CSV file on your computer. Store the file in a secure location. You will not have access to the secret access key again after this dialog box closes. After you download the CSV file, choose Close. When you create an access key, the key pair is active by default, and you can use the pair right away.
* To disable an active access key, choose Make inactive.
* To reenable an inactive access key, choose Make active.
* To delete your access key, choose Delete. AWS recommends that before you do this, you first deactivate the key and test that it’s no longer in use. When you use the AWS Management Console, you must deactivate your key before deleting it.

### Note: Only the user's access key ID is visible. The secret access key can only be retrieved when the key is created.

# How to Create AWS CLI Profile
AWS Documentation on configuring AWS CLI can be found [here][aws-cli]
```sh
$ aws configure --profile profilename
AWS Access Key ID [None]: enter iam user acccess key id 
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: enter iam secret user acccess key 
Default region name [None]: enter default region(optional can just hit enter and skip)
Default output format [None]: enter default output format(optional can just hit enter and skip)
```
Example:
```sh
$ aws configure --profile produser
AWS Access Key ID [None]: AKIAI44QH8DHBEXAMPLE
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: je7MtGbClwBF/2Zp9Utk/h3yCo8nvbEXAMPLEKEY
Default region name [None]: 
Default output format [None]: 
```
# Use Profile in Modules
Deploying infrastructure using Terraform required the provider with credentials, documentation can be found [here][aws-provider]<br />
## Credentials can be provided by using profile created by previous step
```json
provider "aws" {
    region  = "<replace_with_region_to_deploy_into>"
    profile = "<replace_with_profile_name>"
}
```
Example:
```json
provider "aws" {
    region  = "us-east-1"
    profile = "produser"
}
```